feat(pr): expandCodeOwnersGroups (#25317)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

The above would mean Renovate would not include files matching the above glob pattern in the commit, even if it thinks they should be updated.

> ## expandCodeownersGroups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## expandCodeOwnersGroups
```

For consistency with `assigneesFromCodeOwners`

> If configured, Renovate will expand the configured code owner groups into a full list of group members and assign them individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If configured, Renovate will expand any matching `CODEOWNERS` groups into a full list of group members and assign them individually instead of the group.
```
